Headline: "Trump Administration Faces Legal Challenges Over Deportation and Trade Policies"

In recent news, President Donald Trump has been addressing a myriad of issues concerning the administration's immigration and trade policies. The president, speaking at the White House, highlighted the ongoing tariff deals negotiations and the U.S. economy's strength. Trump also blasted courts that are obstructing his administration's immigration agenda, which he claims focuses on deporting "very bad people."

President Trump emphasized the significant progress his administration has made in curbing illegal immigration, stating, "We have virtually nobody coming in illegally." However, he raised concerns about certain court rulings that are hampering his efforts to secure the country, warning that such hindrances could lead to a "very dangerous country."

On the legal front, Trump's administration has been faced with hundreds of lawsuits challenging his executive orders and actions since his return to the Oval Office in January. One of these lawsuits resulted in a nationwide injunction blocking an executive order by Trump ending birthright citizenship for the children of illegal immigrants. The Supreme Court is set to hear this case on May 15.

In a related matter, U.S District Judge James Boasberg issued a ruling temporarily blocking the Trump administration's use of the Alien Enemies Act to deport criminal illegal alien gang members to El Salvador. The administration's handling of these cases has drawn criticism, with U.S District Judge Paula Xinis accusing the Trump administration of intentional noncompliance with their obligation to produce information in the case of Kilmar Abrego Garcia, who was mistakenly deported last month.

Switching to trade policies, President Trump discussed the ongoing trade war with China. He stated that it is up to China and other countries to make a deal with the U.S., adding that, "If they don't make a deal, we'll set the deal because we're the ones that set the deal." He expects the current 145 percent tariff against China to be much lower in whichever deal is ultimately reached, but he stressed it won't be zero.

The president also addressed rumors about firing Jerome Powell, Chair of the U.S Federal Reserve, over a disagreement about lowering interest rates. Trump clarified that he has "no intention of firing him," although he did express a desire for Powell to be more proactive in lowering interest rates.

As the Trump administration continues to navigate these complex legal and trade issues, it remains to be seen what the ultimate outcomes will be. Nonetheless, these events underscore the ongoing tension between executive actions and judicial oversight, as well as the global implications of U.S trade policies.